# STL Organizer

This is meant to be a desktop app to make organizing your STL library easier.

It's still very much a work in progress but it is meant to:

- Set libraries which are a root directory to scan below for 3d printable files (STLs, maybe others in the future)
- Allow you set tags (have tags autogenerated by library scan based on directory) to make searching for something particular easier

Future Goals:

- Would love to be able to generate thumbnails and/or previews
  - This worked previously in threejs, I've tried from the rust side with little luck, so we'll see how this goes
- Would like some sort of remote storage, archiving sort of functionality. My disk is very full and I can't imagine I'm the only one with this problem. So I might eventually have an optional daemon that can run a separate server and handle moving files to and from storage

## Tech Stack

The app runs on [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) backed by [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/) for the UI and uses an embedded [SurrealDB](https://surrealdb.com/) database to store the data.

## Caveats of current state

I had to pull rust-rocksdb locally from it's main branch to be able to embed the surrealdb database. There seemed to be a problem with compiling rocksdb on an m1 mac and that seemed to be the way to embed using rust.

[Here](https://github.com/surrealdb/surrealdb/blob/main/lib/src/api/engine/local/mod.rs#L1C10-L1C10) is the only real current documentation on embedding surrealdb in rust since it's still a work in progress on the docs site.

Also, I've on tested this on MacOS using an m1 macbook air. I might eventually get to
